you'll senior to glassblowers starting
to glassblowers starting to get on each
other's nerves okay just do it in a
normal way from it and then I'll give
you some of these styles as we go on
where you go
I was right in the middle of blowing my
glass house well that's what you have to
expect it's your first day here and
everybody has to take what they get like
God you've blown a glass gun that's
right let's stop with an easy one there
now Weston it's too bad you didn't cook
blow any glass bullets for that guy I on
the other hand have both
lassy what's that girl
old lady Johnson felt on the glass world
pull some glass vines will lower them
down
quite a glassblower don't you I'm the
best you know your glass blowing cost
someone is life
what you blowing around me you're
irresponsible to get into the glass ship
one more chance didn't hear a word I
said did you my little pony
so you got a pile them on top of each
other that way